# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 23 August 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** BrianL, Mat, TimT, Carl, Marco Mambelli, Ziyang

## Announcements

Carl out Wednesdays

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: Carl
-   7 (-1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 190          | +3      | Open              |
| 44           | +6      | Selected for Dev  |
| 24           | -11     | In Progress       |
| 144          | -4      | Dev Complete      |
| 5            | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-  Kubernetes hackathon today, already discussed things on the docket
-  Fields (like github username) are editible in comanage;
   would be good to test editing especially if we are non-admins
-  Marco: has PR for GWMS item; troubleshooting Mats's issue
-  AI (BrianL, Mat, Carl) discuss all the container building use cases
-  AI (Mat): check in with Fabio to see where PR for hawaii origin stands


### Discussion

-   Do we want to fork off existing SLATE chart, or do we just make the changes?
    Eventually want cache in tiger for our purposes.

-   The new EPEL release of Apptainer (the replacement for Singularity) requires user namespaces.
    This will need to be documented for admins.

-   The GlideinWMS developers planning a release candidate for this week.
    They recently worked with the HTCondor Team to debug an HTCondor-CE issue with dual stack IPv4/IPv6.
    BrianL will investigate  the CE default configuration to see what might have caused that.

-   Expecting a new HTCondor 9.0.16 release today, and a 9.11.0 release on Thursday.

### Support Update

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   TimT: new condor releases (9.11.1)

-   Ready for Testing
    -   gratia-probe
    -   stashcp

### Discussion

-   TimT: note prce2 more strict about character classes in regex (hyphen must go at the end `[abc-]`)
-   BrianL: need to find victims to update from stable series to 9.12
-   AI (TimT): reach out to John Thiltges about feasibility of updating to 10.0?
    (TimT: 9.12.0 in a couple weeks)
