# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 25 January 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** BrianL, Derek, Marco, Mat, TimT

## Announcements

- OSG site admin office hours today, 1-4pm Central

### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: BrianL (?)
-   7 (+1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+1) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 180          | +1      | Open              |
| 24           | +3      | Selected for Dev  |
| 31           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 10           | +0      | Dev Complete      |
| 2            | -3      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   AI (Mat): Release stashcp 6.5.3+
-   AI (Mat): Write osg-resource-catalog-generator, update osg-configure-bosco deps and script refs
-   AI (TimT): Create a ticket for a student to write a script to run the appropriate regen-repo commands next time.
-   AI (TimT): Release HTCondor 9.0.9+, HTCondor 9.5.0+
-   AI (BrianL): Release osg-flock 1.7+
-   AI (BrianL): Create new release tags for XRootD images.
-   AI (BrianL): Collaborate with Fermi to get default token mappings for their experiments.

### Discussion

-   GlideinWMS 3.7.6 released, which is the last of the 3.7 series.
    Most frontends (GLOW, OSPool, IGWN, and others) are already using the 3.9 series, as is HEPCloud.
-   A workaround is available for the credential name issue on GSI-less frontends,
    and will be documented in the ticket.
    Dennis is working on a fix.
-   GlideinWMS team is working on a way to send a token to GCE and AWS pilots since HTCondor file transfer does not work.
-   TJ of the HTCondor Team is also working on a solution.

-   Discussed whether HTCondor patch releases should be moved out of the devops repos into the mainline repos.
    We've decided against it because patch releases are more intended for testing on the OS Pool than for general usage.

-   The stashcp RPM in progress for OSG is binary-only because Go 1.16 is not available in EPEL 7.
    Dave Dykstra mentioned trying to get the EPEL version of Go updated; if he is successful, we can revisit the packaging.

### Support Update

-   ASU (BrianL): Investigate no pilot hours due to too many open FDs while running Gratia
-   BNL (Mat): Debugging authentication issues with XRootD.
-   Purdue (BrianL): CE jobs evicted

## OSG DevOps

None this week

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   OSG 3.5-upcoming, OSG 3.6
        -   HTCondor-CE 5.1.3
    -   OSG 3.6
        -   CVMFS 2.9.0
        -   osg-xrootd 3.6-12

### Discussion

-   Check Central Collector for CEs running 5.1.3
-   Mention CVMFS needs testing at the afternoon Production Meeting
