# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 14 February 2023

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** Brian, Carl, Derek, Mat, Tim

## Announcements

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: Mat
-   7 (-1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 218          | +8      | Open              |
| 40           | +2      | Selected for Dev  |
| 26           | -6      | In Progress       |
| 17           | -1      | Dev Complete      |
| 8            | +4      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   AI (Carl): Write tests for OSG-Build branch safety.
-   AI (Carl): Continue work on EL9 builds
-   AI (Mat): Build new VO-Client for second Fermilab cert change.
-   AI (Brian): Investigate rrdtool for EL9.
-   AI (Mat): Continue work on Topology endpoints for grid-mapfiles.

### Discussion

Tim will release HTCondor-CE 6 which works with HTCondor 10 this week; HTCondor 10.3.0 expected next week

Group write permissions for the PATh origin are broken due to xrootd-multiuser not having the right group permission to traverse the directory tree to enter into private directories.

A potential workaround is to make the parent directories world-traverseable but not world-readable.
We would have to remind users that they need to make their files not world-readable and also investigate what permissions xrootd gives newly written files.

A long term solution is to modify xrootd-multiuser to set the process's supplementary groups before accessing files in group directories.

### Support Update

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   htvault-config 1.14
        -   Add auditlog option to move the audit log to a different location
-   Ready for Release
    -   Nothing yet

### Discussion

None this week

