# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 18 May 2021

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392, <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:**   Brian, Carl, Derek, Marco, Marian, Mat, Tim


## Announcements

-   Next week's meeting canceled for HTCondor week, to resume June 1
-   BrianL OOO May 28 and June 1


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   12 (+2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 155          | +6      | Open              |
| 16           | +1      | Selected for Dev  |
| 31           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 12           | +0      | Dev Complete      |
| 9            | -16     | Ready for Testing |
| 11           | +11     | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Kubernetes Hackathon this afternoon: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=34&sprint=32>
    -   AI (Carl): Production Koji builder
-   Release  
    -   AI (Mat): osg-xrootd and documentation need to be updated to use the voms-xrootd-plugin for 3.6
    -   AI (Mat): XRootD for EL8
    -   AI (Carl): Gratia probe Hosted CE quarantine issues
    -   AI (Carl): Gratia probe collection of VO data for token-based pilots
    -   Do we need to update the Gratia dirs for OSG 3.6? <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4621>


### Discussion

-   Nightly XRootD multistream TPC tests are still failing;
    Derek will investigate since it might be related to xrootd-multiuser. 
    However, this may have only been used for performance tests;
    Derek will ask Brian B. about real-world use cases and adjust priority accordingly.

-   xrootd-multiuser 1.0.1 expected soon.

-   SciTokens VO mapping: right now, pilots contain both X.509 and SciTokens credentials;
    Gratia prefers the former, so it may be difficult to do an integration test;
    adding unit tests will provide sufficient coverage for now.

-  AI (Carl): Run VMU tests for GlideinWMS 3.7.4.

### Support Update

-   Hosted CEs (BrianL): cert-manager changes (?) resulted in a slightly different LE chain being advertised from the CEs, requiring an update to `osg-ca-certs-1.96` on the client side

-   XRootD (Derek): Justas opened tickets with XRootD, watching to see if OSG can contribute to debugging / development for fixes.

-   OzStar (Marian): Debugging Singularity;
    this may be due to attempting to run unprivileged Singularity without user namespaces.
    The ticket should be reassigned to the Software group;
    Dave Dykstra may be able to help.

-   CalTech (Mat): Problem with long lines in STARTD_CRON output causing startd ads not to get updated;
    created HTCondor ticket to fix and gave Justas a workaround.

-   LBL (Carl): Continuing to support LBL with setting up Squid.
    Dave Dykstra may be able to help.


## OSG DevOps

-   GRACC ITB Collector k8s on Tiger [Jira](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/OPS-184)
-   GRACC S3 (CEPH) backup coming up, will coordinate a disaster recovery drill.
-   XRootD Multiuser: One more comment from Andy, so there will be a 1.0.1 (sorry)  
    -   Known not to work with xrootd async io.  But that might be ok.
-   StashCP go client is working, just waiting on effort from Derek on how to package / deliver it.  As a reminder, compiling on EL7 makes it work on EL7, 8, ubuntu&#x2026;  Go is great!
-   XRootD accounting information (from Frank):  
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.


### Discussion

None this week  


## OSG Release Team

| 3.5.35 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.6 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status                   |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | --- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ------------------------ |
| 9      | +0      | 2    | +1      | 5   | +2      | 16    | +3      | Open                     |
| 5      | +3      | 1    | +0      | 1   | +0      | 7     | +3      | Selected for Development |
| 0      | +0      | 2    | -1      | 2   | -1      | 4     | -2      | In Progress              |
| 3      | +1      | 1    | -2      | 0   | +0      | 4     | -1      | Development Complete     |
| 5      | -3      | 2    | -10     | 0   | -1      | 7     | -14     | Ready for Testing        |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0   | +0      | 0     | +0      | Ready for Release        |
| 22     | +1      | 8    | -12     | 8   | +0      | 38    | -11     | Total                    |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing
        -   OSG 3.5
            -   HTCondor-CE 4.5.2
            -   osg-gridftp on EL8
        -   OSG 3.5-upcoming
            -   HTCondor 9.0.1
            -   GlideinWMS 3.7.4
            -   XRootD 5.2.0
            -   XCache 2.0.1 (Python 3 conversion)
            OSG 3.6
            -   HTCondor 9.0.1-1.1
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing yet
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

None this week
