# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 5 October 2021

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Mat, TimT

## Announcements

- Token transition workshop Oct 14-15: <https://indico.fnal.gov/event/50597/>

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: TimT
-   12 (+1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 168          | +4      | Open              |
| 34           | +1      | Selected for Dev  |
| 37           | +0      | In Progress       |
| 12           | -2      | Dev Complete      |
| 5            | -5      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -1      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Kubernetes Hackathon this afternoon
-   Doc focus this Friday October 8, 1-5pm
-   Release
    -   AI (Carl): Create new gratia-probe-condor-ap package (SOFTWARE-4846)
    -   AI (Mat): XRootD in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4494)
    -   AI (Carl): osg-pki-tools in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4786)
-   Other
    -   AI (BrianL): Add SSH certificate to the Hosted CE
    -   AI (Carl): Merge Topology and CILogon contact data (SOFTWARE-4734)
    -   AI (BrianL): Add Singularity backfill container CI tests (SOFTWARE-4726)
    -   AI (Carl): Add Topology endpoint for querying resources tied to VOs
    -   AI (BrianL/HTCondor developers): Make internal documentation for how to add SciTokens to a CE in preparation for the token workshop
    -   AI (Mat): Review remaining issues for the Let's Encrypt CA expiration fire.

### Discussion

-   Marco: Debugging glideinWMS compatibility issues with HTCondor 9.0.6; attempting to install 9.0.1 for testing but having dependency issues.
    Brian says that it's a frequent issue when trying to install old versions of HTCondor on EL7.
    Mat suggests trying the HTCondor Docker images if a 9.0.1 version is available.

### Support Update

-   TimT: Justas (Caltech) is requesting additional GPU attributes in the job classad; Tim will link him up with one of the HTCondor developers directly.
-   Carl: There is no easy upgrade path to the Python 3 version of gfal2-util due to RPM dependency issues;
    filed a ticket with EPEL, will try to contact developers directly if there's no response to the ticket.
-   Marian: Continuing to support LIGO with using IDTOKEN authentication.

## OSG DevOps

New:
-   Transition to IDTOKENs for IGWN, JLab, GLUEX

Ongoing:
-   Shoveler and Collector is tested, now converting UNL to using the shoveler.
-   Request to inject entire HTCondor job classad into GRACC records. Will require gratia-probe-condor changes.  

Back burner:
-   (Stalled, but need to get back to it) XRootD accounting information (from Frank):
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.
-   XRootD TCP plugin is ready for packaging.  Derek will follow up with software team on who to hand that off to.
    -   https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4744

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   OSG 3.5-upcoming and OSG 3.6
         -   blahp 2.1.2
-   Ready for Release
    -   OSG 3.5 and OSG 3.6
        -   IGTF 1.113

### Discussion

None this week
