# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 30 March 2021

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392, <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:**   BrianL, Carl, Derek, Jason Patton, Marco, Marian, Mat



## Announcements

-   IRIS-HEP full team retreat Apr 27-30 canceled
-   TimT OOO, returning Apr 6


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: BrianL (?)
-   7 (-4) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 139          | +3      | Open              |
| 15           | +3      | Selected for Dev  |
| 27           | +0      | In Progress       |
| 8            | -1      | Dev Complete      |
| 29           | -10     | Ready for Testing |
| 9            | +8      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.5.33/3.6  
    -   `xrootd-multiuser` is broken for XRootD 5. Should we delay the release?
    -   `osg-xrootd` needs to be updated to fix its use of `ofs.authlib`
    -   Anything else we should document in the update notes?
    -   AI (Carl): Rebuild condor RPM
    -   AI (Mat): Add multiple config directories to HTCondor packaging
-   AI (Carl, with help from Mat): Enable networking in Koji builds
-   AI (Mat): Finish adding CVMFS to the OSG backfill container


### Discussion

-   kojibuilder2 (new K8s builder in the production namespace) not reporting to the koji hub.
-   GlideinWMS:
    -   3.7.3 release candidate is in testing.
    -   New 3.9 release needed to fix the following bugs:
        https://cdcvs.fnal.gov/redmine/issues/25620, https://cdcvs.fnal.gov/redmine/issues/25619
        String encoding issue at glideFactoryLib.py, Update LDAP module for Python 3, both affect only AWS submission, not regular grid submission.


### Support Update

-   Chameleon Cloud (BrianL): investigating an issue where the OSG validation script is failing so the container isn't running jobs
-   Purdue (Carl, Derek): Derek successfully removed the errant local records for Purdue;
    Carl will ask Purdue to re-run the custom Gratia probe he provided to them.
-   AMNH (Derek): Assisting them with SLURM configuration.
    Might be worthwhile to write a 'recommended SLURM configuration' document, even if it's not widely publicized.
-   OzSTAR (Marian): Assisting them with stash cache setup.

## OSG DevOps
-   XRootD accounting information (from Frank):  
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.


### Discussion

None this week  


## OSG Release Team

-   Need to send ready for testing email today
-   Aiming to release XRootD 5 this week, at least in 3.5 upcoming


### Discussion

None this week
