# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 27 July 2021

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392, <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:**   BrianL, Marco Mambelli, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

-   Carl OOO Jul 26-30
-   Party at Tim's house with three racks of ribs


### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Carl
-   6 (-4) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 148          | +1      | Open              |
| 25           | -2      | Selected for Dev  |
| 36           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 12           | +2      | Dev Complete      |
| 3            | -4      | Ready for Testing |
| 3            | +3      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Kubernetes Hackathon this afternoon
-   Tim makeup doc focus: EL8 interest is increasing
-   Doc focus Aug 20
-   Release  
    -   AI (BrianL): Use vomsxrd config in osg-xrootd on 3.6
    -   AI (TimT): SciTokens credmon?
-   AI (BrianL): Verify that HTCondor got updated on the OS registry
-   AT (BrianL): Create ticket for pushing to OSG Hub as well as Docker Hub in automated builds

### Discussion

-   GlideinWMS release candidate expected later this week
-   SSH to tiger cluster head node only available from select CHTC hosts;
    kubectl access has not been changed

### Support Update

None this week  


## OSG DevOps

-   StashCP go client is working and tested, and being tested by Christina now. Need to talk to Mats on packaging and releasing. (will follow up).  No news from Christina,
-   Design document is done and is being distributed for xrootd monitoring collector NG (next gen).  Shoveler is working and lightly tested.  Now on to the collector.
-   XRootD TCP plugin is ready for packaging.  Derek will follow up with software team on who to hand that off to.
-   Discussions of xrootd-multiuser support for checksumming on-the-fly.  After a discussion, the checksum-on-the-fly funcationality will be ported to xrootd-multiuser.  Copied largely from xrootd-hdfs.  This does mean that out-of-order writes will not be supported.
-   More partners are asking about scitokens-cpp, and compatibility.  Expect some updates.  
    -   Maybe we have been doing tokens wrong?  Use the \`typ\` rather than \`ver\`.

-   (Stalled, but need to get back to it) XRootD accounting information (from Frank):  
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.


### Discussion

None this week  


## OSG Release Team

-   OSG 3.5.42 and OSG 3.6 (today)
    -   HTCondor Security Release 8.8.14, 9.0.3, 9.1.1
-   OSG 3.5.43 and OSG 3.6 (Thursday)
    -   Ready for Testing
        -   OSG 3.5 and 3.6
            -   gratia-probe 1.24.0
    -   Ready for Release
        -   OSG 3.5
            -   Upcoming: XCache 2.0.1 (Python 3 conversion)
            -   VOMS 2.0.16 (2.1.0rc? on EL8)
            -   htvault-config 1.4 and htgettoken 1.3
        -   OSG 3.6
            -   VOMS 2.0.16 (2.1.0rc? on EL8)
            -   htvault-config 1.4 and htgettoken 1.3

### Discussion

None this week
