# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 10 August 2021

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements
- OSG User School in session until the end of the week

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   9 (+2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 155          | +2      | Open              |
| 26           | +0      | Selected for Dev  |
| 39           | +0      | In Progress       |
| 6            | -5      | Dev Complete      |
| 8            | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 6            | +1      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Kuberentes Hackathon today 1-5pm
-   Tim makeup doc focus: EL8 interest is increasing
-   Doc focus Aug 20
-   Release
    -   AI (TimT): SciTokens update for EL8 (SOFTWARE-4126)
    -   AI (Carl): Improve default ProbeConfig directory configuration (SOFTWARE-4621)
    -   AI (BrianL): XRootD in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4494)
-   GSI Transition
    -   AI (Carl): osg-token-renewer package
    -   AI (Mat): Add API token authentication to Topology (SOFTWARE-4134)
    -   AI (BrianL): Get XRootD tests running with proxies again (SOFTWARE-4604)
-   Other
    -   AI (BrianL): Investigate persistent condor_ce_run failures in 3.6 nightlies
    -   AI (Mat): Review comments on cvmfsexec doc changes
    -   AI (BrianL): Add CI tests

### Discussion

-   GRACC upgrade is planned for the end of August

### Support Update

-   Georgia Tech (BrianL, Mats): Need to verify that the config worked to prevent pilots from running in pilots
-   Lancium (BrianL, Mats): their GPUs are still going unused, it seems that `RecentJobStarts` is frequently at its
    limit of 400 starts/20 min
-   JLab (Marian): Fixed HTCondor configuration; JLab admins should be informed to expect some downtime and
    manual changes between OSG release series upgrades
-   Lamar (Marian): Jobs are running but requesting Software Team help to examine job classads for anything unexpected
-   BNL (Marian): Troubleshooting with John de Stefano and other BNL admins;
    getting unexpected behavior from Freshdesk with notes or replies not getting to everyone on the ticket.
    Marian will notify Freshdesk support about the strange behavior.
-   Hosted CEs (Carl): Investigate hosted-ce35 not reporting to GRACC.
-   University of Illinois (Mat): Undesired XRootD HTTP plugin behavior; Mat is following discussion
    between XRootD developers

## OSG DevOps

-   Elasticsearch will need to be updated.  Working on a schedule.
-   StashCP go client is working and tested, and being tested by Christina now. Need to talk to Mats on packaging and releasing. (will follow up).  No news from Christina,
-   Design document is done and is being distributed for xrootd monitoring collector NG (next gen).  Shoveler is working and lightly tested.  Collector is 50% done.  Design document is still not reviewed, but moving foward anyways.
-   XRootD TCP plugin is ready for packaging.  Derek will follow up with software team on who to hand that off to.
-   Discussions of xrootd-multiuser support for checksumming on-the-fly.  After a discussion, the checksum-on-the-fly funcationality will be ported to xrootd-multiuser.  Copied largely from xrootd-hdfs.  This does mean that out-of-order writes will not be supported.
-   More partners are asking about scitokens-cpp, and compatibility.  Expect some updates.
    -   Maybe we have been doing tokens wrong?  Use the \`typ\` rather than \`ver\`.


-   (Stalled, but need to get back to it) XRootD accounting information (from Frank):
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   gratia-probe 1.24.0 (OSG 3.5 and 3.6)
    -   XRootD 5.3.1 (OSG 3.5-upcoming)
-   Ready for Release
    -   OSG 3.5
        -   Upcoming: XCache 2.0.1 (Python 3 conversion)
        -   VOMS 2.0.16 (2.1.0rc? on EL8)
        -   htvault-config 1.4 and htgettoken 1.3
    -   OSG 3.6
        -   VOMS 2.0.16 (2.1.0rc? on EL8)
        -   htvault-config 1.4 and htgettoken 1.3

### Discussion

None this week
