# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  2 February 2021

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392, <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:**   Brian L, Carl, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Tim T


## Announcements

-   dHTC campus workshop Feb 8-9
-   OSG All Hands March 1-5


### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: ???
-   5 (+1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### Jira

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 130          | -1      | Open              |
| 15           | +0      | Selected for Dev  |
| 32           | +2      | In Progress       |
| 13           | -8      | Dev Complete      |
| 37           | +16     | Ready for Testing |
| 8            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.6 deadline at the end of February (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4282>)  
    -   AI (TimT): Send reminder announcement for OSG 3.6
    -   AI (Mat): Add support to osg-build for 3.5-upcoming/3.6
    -   AI (Mat): Token issuer packaging
    -   Release-specific devops tags voted unnecessary
    -   Time to start building! Spreadsheet incoming
    -   Still need to add token tests
    -   Dev work still needed for gratia-probe, osg-configure, and HTCondor-CE
-   OSG 3.5.31  
    -   AI (Carl): Convert SGE Gratia probe to be Python 2/3 compatible
    -   AI (Carl): Fix repo-update-cadist link generation bug.
-   OSG and GLOW VO certificates expire on Feb 23
    -   AI (Mat): Help UW infrastructure team with the renewal process.


### Discussion

- Marco attending the CVMFS workshop; gave a presentation on cvmfs-exec yesterday.
- Carl will shadow Marian during the GRACC upgrade.


### Support Update

- Brian L: Call with Villanova about setting up a submit node dedicated to OSG.
- Marco: Adding a fix to the Singularity wrapper that was requested by Mats Rynge.
- Mat: Debugging LCMAPS for UFlorida.


## OSG DevOps

-   OSG Status page: Developing script to synchronize OSG contact list to subscribe the status page
-   Topology: In production on tiger.  Let us know if you see problems!
-   GRACC (continued progress):  
    -   GRACC Request is on tiger now.
    -   migrating more GRACC services to Tiger (Prometheus)
    -   documentation for the GRACC rolling update and fresh install
    -   Rolling update is starting this week.
    -   APEL Reporting - still investigating whether should we update to the new AMS


### Discussion

None this week  


## OSG Release Team

| 3.5.30 | &Delta; | Status                   |
| ------ | ------- | ------------------------ |
| 8      | +3      | Open                     |
| 2      | +1      | Selected for Development |
| 10     | +3      | In Progress              |
| 4      | +3      | Development Complete     |
| 6      | -5      | Ready for Testing        |
| 1      | +0      | Ready for Release        |
| 31     | +5      | Total                    |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.30  
            -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.9.11
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   3.5.30  
            -   XRootD 4.12.6
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): clean up stale container tickets
