# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 2 November 2021

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** BrianL, Marian, Mat, TimT

## Announcements

### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: BrianL (?)
-   11 (+2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 160          | +1      | Open              |
| 40           | -2      | Selected for Dev  |
| 42           | +4      | In Progress       |
| 11           | +0      | Dev Complete      |
| 7            | +5      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Release
    -   AI (Mat, BrianL): XRootD in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4494)
    -   AI (Mat) review `xrootd-multiuser` and `osg-ca-certs-updater` promotion requests
    -   AI (Carl, BrianL): Create new gratia-probe-condor-ap package (SOFTWARE-4846)
    -   AI (Carl, BrianL): osg-pki-tools in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4786)

### Discussion

-   HTCondor 9.0.7 and 9.3.0 expected later today
-   HTCondor credmon requires python-scitokens but it's currently shipped only in OSG repos, not EPEL,
    meaning it's not available for UW builds of HTCondor.  TimT will decide if it's better
    to also ship python-scitokens in the HTCondor repos, or try and get it into EPEL.

### Support Update

-   University of Colorado (BrianL): they were not receiving payload jobs, had them redeploy with updated containers and
    it appears that things are working ok now
-   JLab (BrianL): help talk them through setting up a token issuer
-   JLab (Marian): debugging why their new schedd does not show up in the VO Summary

## OSG DevOps

New:
-   Transition to IDTOKENs for IGWN, JLab, GLUEX
-   Shoveler and Collector is tested, and UNL is using it in production now.
    - Now writing docs on how to run the shoveler.

Ongoing:
-   Request to inject entire HTCondor job classad into GRACC records. Will require gratia-probe-condor changes.  

Back burner:
-   (Stalled, but need to get back to it) XRootD accounting information (from Frank):
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.
-   XRootD TCP plugin is ready for packaging.  Derek will follow up with software team on who to hand that off to.
    -   https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4744

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   Nothing
-   Ready for Release
    -   Nothing

### Discussion

None this week
