# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 3 August 2021

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:**

## Announcements

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: Mat
-   7 (+1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 153          | +5      | Open              |
| 26           | +1      | Selected for Dev  |
| 39           | +3      | In Progress       |
| 11           | -1      | Dev Complete      |
| 3            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 5            | +2      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Tim makeup doc focus: EL8 interest is increasing
-   Doc focus Aug 20
-   Release
    -   AI (TimT): SciTokens credmon?
    -   AI (Carl): Move Gratia sub-tickets into RFT
    -   AI (Carl): Improve default ProbeConfig directory configuration
-   GSI Transition
    -   AI (Carl): Directly query OSG COManage's LDAP for OSGID (SOFTWARE-4528)
    -   AI (Mat): Add API token authentication to Topology (SOFTWARE-4134)
    -   AI (BrianL): Get XRootD tests running with proxies again (SOFTWARE-4604)
-   OSG VO Backfill Containers
    -   AI (Mat): Add support for limiting resources available to the osgvo-docker-pilot (SOFTWARE-4634)
    -   AI (BrianL): Add CI tests

### Discussion

None this week

### Support Update

-   Georgia Tech (BrianL): Gave them some AP HTCondor config that should prevent pilots from flocking out to pilots
-   Lancium (BrianL, Mats): live backfill container debugging session that uncovered issues in the periodic health check
    not properly detecting unrpiv Singularity.

## OSG DevOps

-   StashCP go client is working and tested, and being tested by Christina now. Need to talk to Mats on packaging and releasing. (will follow up).  No news from Christina,
-   Design document is done and is being distributed for xrootd monitoring collector NG (next gen).  Shoveler is working and lightly tested.  Now on to the collector.
-   XRootD TCP plugin is ready for packaging.  Derek will follow up with software team on who to hand that off to.
-   Discussions of xrootd-multiuser support for checksumming on-the-fly.  After a discussion, the checksum-on-the-fly funcationality will be ported to xrootd-multiuser.  Copied largely from xrootd-hdfs.  This does mean that out-of-order writes will not be supported.
-   More partners are asking about scitokens-cpp, and compatibility.  Expect some updates.
    -   Maybe we have been doing tokens wrong?  Use the \`typ\` rather than \`ver\`.

-   (Stalled, but need to get back to it) XRootD accounting information (from Frank):
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

| 3.5.41 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.6 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status                   |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | --- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ------------------------ |
| 9      | +0      | 1    | +0      | 3   | -1      | 13    | -1      | Open                     |
| 2      | +1      | 2    | -1      | 1   | +0      | 5     | +0      | Selected for Development |
| 0      | +0      | 2    | +1      | 5   | +1      | 7     | +2      | In Progress              |
| 0      | +0      | 3    | +1      | 0   | +0      | 3     | +1      | Development Complete     |
| 3      | +1      | 4    | +1      | 0   | +0      | 7     | +2      | Ready for Testing        |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0   | +0      | 0     | +0      | Ready for Release        |
| 14     | +2      | 12   | +2      | 9   | +0      | 35    | +4      | Total                    |

-   Software
    -   Ready for Testing
        -   OSG 3.5-upcoming
            -   HTCondor 9.0.2 + blahp 2.1.0
            -   XRootD 5.3.0
            -   XCache 2.0.1 (Python 3 conversion)
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing Yet
-   Data
    -   VO Package v114
-   Operations
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib
    -   Nothing

### Discussion

None this week
