# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 17 August 2021

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** 


## Announcements

- Carl OOO Wed-Thu

### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Carl
-   8 (-5) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 156          | +0      | Open              |
| 35           | +9      | Selected for Dev  |
| 38           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 10           | +1      | Dev Complete      |
| 2            | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Planning to add a "doc pending" or "promotion requested" status before RFT
-   Release
    -   AI (Carl): Improve default ProbeConfig directory configuration (SOFTWARE-4621)
    -   AI (Mat, BrianL): XRootD in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4494)
-   GSI Transition
    -   AI (BrianL): Review the osg-token-renewer package
    -   AI (Mat): Get XRootD tests running with proxies again (SOFTWARE-4604)
    -   AI (Mat): Add API token authentication to Topology (SOFTWARE-4134)
-   Other
    -   AI (BrianL): Add backfill container CI tests

### Discussion

None this week

### Support Update

-   Colorado (BrianL): OSG-issued IGTF certs won't work because their IT won't issue a PTR pointing to the OSG domain
-   Brown (Derek): Supporting XRootD configuration.  Using standalone config, but also copied from other server that was working before.  Old LCMaps configuration.
-   Caltech (Derek): Supporting Gratia probes not showing up.

## OSG DevOps

New:
-   Request to inject entire HTCondor job classad into GRACC records.  Will require gratia-probe-condor changes.
-   StashCP Go client is now being used and distributed with every OSPool Glidein!  Being used in the `stash:///` transfer plugin and starting to be used by Mats on his singularity image distribution.

Ongoing:
-   Elasticsearch will need to be updated, scheduled for last week in August.  Planning ongoing.
-   Design document is done and is being distributed for xrootd monitoring collector NG (next gen).  Shoveler is working and lightly tested.  Collector is 90% done.  Design document is still not reviewed, but moving foward anyways.
-   Discussions of xrootd-multiuser support for checksumming on-the-fly.  After a discussion, the checksum-on-the-fly funcationality will be ported to xrootd-multiuser.  Copied largely from xrootd-hdfs.  This does mean that out-of-order writes will not be supported.

Back burner:
-   (Stalled, but need to get back to it) XRootD accounting information (from Frank):
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.
-   XRootD TCP plugin is ready for packaging.  Derek will follow up with software team on who to hand that off to.
    -   https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4744

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   OSG 3.5.45-2 and OSG 3.6 (2021-08-16)
    -   CA Certificates based on IGTF 1.112
-   OSG 3.5.46 and OSG 3.6
    -   Ready for Testing
        -   Nothing
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing

### Discussion

None this week
