# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 31 August 2021

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** Brian, Carl, Derek, Marco, Marian, Mat, Tim

## Announcements

CE Token Hackathon 1-5pm today

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: Mat
-   11 (+3) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 162          | +6      | Open              |
| 34           | -1      | Selected for Dev  |
| 41           | +3      | In Progress       |
| 9            | -1      | Dev Complete      |
| 5            | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Planning to add a "doc pending" or "promotion requested" status before RFT
-   Release
    -   AI (Carl): Improve default ProbeConfig directory configuration (SOFTWARE-4621)
    -   AI (Mat): XRootD in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4494)
-   GSI Transition
    -   AI (Carl): Address osg-token-renewer review comments
    -   AI (Mat): Get XRootD tests running with proxies again (SOFTWARE-4604)
-   Other
    -   AI (BrianL): Add backfill container CI tests
    -   AI (Carl, Mat): Review OS Pool AP Topology PR
    -   AI (TimT): Release HTCondor 9.1.4; add a fix/patch for proxy delegation

### Discussion

-   Mat and Marco should attend CE hackathon today; frontend admins should consider briefly joining.
-   Marco investigating an incompatibility between a 3.6.5 factory (used at FNAL) and newer frontends.

### Support Update

-   Marian:
    -   Singularity issues at Utah.  Should assign ticket to Mats Rynge and add Mat as a watcher.
    -   HTCondor not properly handling CNAMEs in the IGWN central manager.
        Admins should create an A record for now, but BrianB will ask the HTCondor developers to address the issue.
-   Carl:
    -   Waiting for response from LIGO about their accounting issue.
    -   No follow-up yet from HTCondor devs for DUNE/TIFR.  Carl will examine the schedd log for any clues.
-   Mat:
    -   Helping Andrew Melo with an overloaded schedd;
        HTCondor developers have joined the conversation.
    -   Greg Daues at U Illinois hasn't responded regarding minor XRootD security issue they found.
        Fix expected in XRootD 5.4.0; since it's security-related, it will also go into OSG 3.5-upcoming.

## OSG DevOps

New:
-   Request to inject entire HTCondor job classad into GRACC records.  Will require gratia-probe-condor changes.
-   StashCP Go client is now being used and distributed with every OSPool Glidein!  Being used in the `stash:///` transfer plugin and starting to be used by Mats on his singularity image distribution.

Ongoing:
-   Elasticsearch will need to be updated, scheduled for last week in August.  Planning ongoing.
-   Design document is done and is being distributed for xrootd monitoring collector NG (next gen).  Shoveler is working and lightly tested.  Collector is 90% done.  Design document is still not reviewed, but moving foward anyways.
-   Discussions of xrootd-multiuser support for checksumming on-the-fly.  After a discussion, the checksum-on-the-fly funcationality will be ported to xrootd-multiuser.  Copied largely from xrootd-hdfs.  This does mean that out-of-order writes will not be supported.

Back burner:
-   (Stalled, but need to get back to it) XRootD accounting information (from Frank):
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.
-   XRootD TCP plugin is ready for packaging.  Derek will follow up with software team on who to hand that off to.
    -   https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4744

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   OSG 3.5.46 and OSG 3.6
    -   Ready for Testing
        -   3.5.46-upcoming and 3.6: HTCondor 9.0.5 and blahp 2.1.1
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing

### Discussion

None this week
