# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 7 September 2021

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** Brian, Carl, Derek, Marco, Marian, Mat, Tim

## Announcements

Kubernetes Hackathon 1-5pm today

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   11 (+0) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 163          | +1      | Open              |
| 32           | -2      | Selected for Dev  |
| 37           | -4      | In Progress       |
| 14           | +5      | Dev Complete      |
| 4            | -1      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Release
    -   AI (Carl): Improve default ProbeConfig directory configuration (SOFTWARE-4621)
    -   AI (Mat): XRootD in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4494)
-   GSI Transition
    -   AI (Carl): Address osg-token-renewer review comments
-   Other
    -   AI (BrianL): Add backfill container CI tests
    -   AI (BrianL): add SSH certificate to the Hosted CE

### Discussion

None this week

### Support Update

-   Lancium (BrianL): backfill containers with bind-mounted CVMFS weren't getting jobs because they did not specify
    `shared` to the bind mount

## OSG DevOps

New:
-   Request to inject entire HTCondor job classad into GRACC records.  Will require gratia-probe-condor changes.
-   Elasticsearch is being from 7.10.2 to 7.14.1.  Some downtime expected, but only momentarily.  No gratia probes or clients should notice.

Ongoing:
-   Shoveler is working and lightly tested.  Collector is 90% done.
-   Checksums in xrootd-multiuser is 70% done.

Back burner:
-   (Stalled, but need to get back to it) XRootD accounting information (from Frank):
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.
-   XRootD TCP plugin is ready for packaging.  Derek will follow up with software team on who to hand that off to.
    -   https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4744

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   OSG 3.5.46 and OSG 3.6
    -   Ready for Testing
        -   3.5.46-upcoming and 3.6: HTCondor 9.0.5 and blahp 2.1.1
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing

### Discussion

None this week
