# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 26 October 2021

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:**

## Announcements

None this week

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: Carl
-   7 (-2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 164          | +4      | Open              |
| 42           | +1      | Selected for Dev  |
| 38           | +0      | In Progress       |
| 11           | +0      | Dev Complete      |
| 2            | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Release
    -   AI (Mat, BrianL): XRootD in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4494)
    -   AI (Mat) review `gratia-probe` PRs
    -   AI (BrianL): build `gratia-probe` and `osg-flock` for 3.6

### Discussion

None this week

### Support Update

None this week

## OSG DevOps

New:
-   Transition to IDTOKENs for IGWN, JLab, GLUEX
-   Shoveler and Collector is tested, and UNL is using it in production now.
    - Now writing docs on how to run the shoveler.

Ongoing:
-   Request to inject entire HTCondor job classad into GRACC records. Will require gratia-probe-condor changes.  

Back burner:
-   (Stalled, but need to get back to it) XRootD accounting information (from Frank):
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.
-   XRootD TCP plugin is ready for packaging.  Derek will follow up with software team on who to hand that off to.
    -   https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4744

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   Nothing
-   Ready for Release
    -   Nothing

### Discussion

None this week
