# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 28 September 2021

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Mat

## Announcements

- Token transition workshop Oct 14-15: <https://indico.fnal.gov/event/50597/>
- Brian OOO Wed-Fri
- Carl OOO Wed

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: Carl
-   12 (+2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 164          | +2      | Open              |
| 33           | +0      | Selected for Dev  |
| 37           | +5      | In Progress       |
| 14           | +1      | Dev Complete      |
| 10           | +6      | Ready for Testing |
| 1            | +1      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Release
    -   AI (Carl): Cut new Gratia Probe 2.x RPM
    -   AI (Mat): XRootD in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4494)
    -   AI (Carl): osg-pki-tools in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4786)
-   GSI/GridFTP Transition
    -   AI (Carl): Address osg-token-renewer doc comments and merge
    -   Wei asked us to improve the XRootD standalone docs
-   Other
    -   AI (BrianL): Add SSH certificate to the Hosted CE
    -   AI (Carl): Add Topology endpoint for querying resources tied to VOs
    -   AI (BrianL): Add Singularity backfill container CI tests

### Discussion

None this week

### Support Update

-   Lancium (BrianL): for Singularity-in-Singularity, GPUs aren't made available if the outer Singularity is < 3.8.0.
    On the plus side, GPUs work for unpriv Singularity in unpriv Singularity

## OSG DevOps

New:
-   Request to inject entire HTCondor job classad into GRACC records.  Will require gratia-probe-condor changes.

Ongoing:
-   Shoveler and Collector is tested, now converting UNL to using the shoveler.
-   Stashcp changes to support authenticated reading from /ospool namespace is done and lightly tested.

Back burner:
-   (Stalled, but need to get back to it) XRootD accounting information (from Frank):
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.
-   XRootD TCP plugin is ready for packaging.  Derek will follow up with software team on who to hand that off to.
    -   https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4744

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   OSG 3.5 and OSG 3.6:
         -   CVMFS 2.8.2
         -   cvmfs-x509-helper 2.2-2, osg-oasis 17-4
         -   vault 1.8.2, htvault-config 1.6, and htgettoken 1.6
    -   OSG 3.5-upcoming:
         -   GlideinWMS 3.7.5
         -   xrootd-multiuser-2.0.2
    -   OSG 3.5-upcoming and OSG 3.6:
         -   HTCondor 9.0.6
         -   blahp 2.1.2
    -   OSG 3.6-upcoming
         -   HTCondor 9.2.0
-   Ready for Release
    -   OSG 3.5 and OSG 3.6
        -   osg-wn-client

### Discussion

None this week
