# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 20 July 2021

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392, <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:**   BrianL, Carl, Derek, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

-   Carl OOO Jul 26-30


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: BrianL (?)
-   10 (+4) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 147          | -4      | Open              |
| 27           | +3      | Selected for Dev  |
| 37           | -3      | In Progress       |
| 10           | -1      | Dev Complete      |
| 7            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Tim makeup doc focus: EL8 interest is increasing
-   Fill out doc focus poll
-   Release  
    -   AI (Carl): Follow-up on Lincoln's gratia-probe stacktrace reported in #software
    -   AI (Carl): Move 99<sub>gratia</sub>-ce.conf to /usr/share location
    -   AI (Carl): Release gratia-probe 1.23.4+, 2.0.1+
    -   AI (Carl): Fix default HTCondor-CE ProbeConfig default dirs (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4621>)
    -   AI (Carl): Missing zero walltime records
    -   AI (BrianL): Use vomsxrd config in osg-xrootd on 3.6
    -   AI (TimT): SciTokens credmon?
-   AI (BrianL): Give GlideinWMS team JIRA access.


### Discussion

-   GlideinWMS 3.7 release candidate planned for tomorrow (7/21).


### Support Update

- (Derek) SIUE - Discovered bug in gratia probe, fixed locally and submitted upstream: https://github.com/opensciencegrid/gratia-probe/pull/107
-   BrianL:
    -   We are currently only sending LIGO jobs to Georgia Tech to avoid having OSG
        (and other VO) jobs run on LIGO pilots.
-   Marian:
    -   Continuing to debug JLab submissions at Georgia Tech.
    -   Lamar (CLAS12) does not have any pilots or show any HTCondor activity.
    -   Finish setting up ICTS; it is registered in Topology so only the factory config needs to be updated.

-   Mat: Lancium not seeing enough jobs again; Brian will investigate further.

## OSG DevOps

-   StashCP go client is working and tested, and being tested by Christina now. Need to talk to Mats on packaging and releasing. (will follow up).  No news from Christina,
-   Design document is done and is being distributed for xrootd monitoring collector NG (next gen).  Shoveler is working and lightly tested.  Now on to the collector.
-   XRootD TCP plugin is ready for packaging.  Derek will follow up with software team on who to hand that off to.
-   Discussions of xrootd-multiuser support for checksumming on-the-fly.  After a discussion, the checksum-on-the-fly funcationality will be ported to xrootd-multiuser.  Copied largely from xrootd-hdfs.  This does mean that out-of-order writes will not be supported.
-   More partners are asking about scitokens-cpp, and compatibility.  Expect some updates.
    -   Maybe we have been doing tokens wrong?  Use the `typ` rather than `ver`.

-   (Stalled, but need to get back to it) XRootD accounting information (from Frank):  
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.


### Discussion

None this week  


## OSG Release Team

| 3.5.41 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.6 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status                   |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | --- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ------------------------ |
| 9      | +0      | 1    | +0      | 3   | -1      | 13    | -1      | Open                     |
| 2      | +1      | 2    | -1      | 1   | +0      | 5     | +0      | Selected for Development |
| 0      | +0      | 2    | +1      | 5   | +1      | 7     | +2      | In Progress              |
| 0      | +0      | 3    | +1      | 0   | +0      | 3     | +1      | Development Complete     |
| 3      | +1      | 4    | +1      | 0   | +0      | 7     | +2      | Ready for Testing        |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0   | +0      | 0     | +0      | Ready for Release        |
| 14     | +2      | 12   | +2      | 9   | +0      | 35    | +4      | Total                    |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   OSG 3.5-upcoming  
            -   HTCondor 9.0.2 + blahp 2.1.0
            -   XRootD 5.3.0
            -   XCache 2.0.1 (Python 3 conversion)
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing Yet
-   Data  
    -   VO Package v114
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   VO Package v114 should go out this week
