# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 6 December 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:**

## Announcements

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Brian
-   Next week: Carl
-   8 (-1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

-   JIRA tickets exploding; moved a lot from IN PROG to OPEN.

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 244          | +4      | Open              |
| 19           | -3      | Selected for Dev  |
| 17           | +2      | In Progress       |
| 18           | +2      | Dev Complete      |
| 6            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   AI (Carl): EL9 support next items
    -   Create 'buildsys-*' packages (SOFTWARE-5391, SOFTWARE-5392)
    -   Build 'fetch-sources' (SOFTWARE-5393)
-   AI (BrianL): NVidia GPU software-base image (SOFTWARE-5368)

### Discussion

-   Time limit on GHA jobs; may want to consider paid tier for github;
    cross that bridge when we get there.

-   Marco: what's the story with condor el9 support?
    -  10.2.0 will have el9 support
    -  10.0 LTS will not get el9 support (for reasons relating to cgroups support)
    -  el7 EOL in May 2024 will trigger updates

### Support Update

-   NERSC (Mat, BrianL, BrianB): spoke with XRootD devs about the missing VOMS thread and he suggested compiling with
    print statements.
    Atlas is very interested.
-   Carl: new issues:
    -  fd-71210: OSG 3.6 and OSG connection to Wayne State compute resources
    -  fd-71208: HTCondor-CE Hold jobs randomly (1/day) - Spooling input data
-   UConn (Derek, DaveD): Debug OSDF cache selection.  Was always using KC cache rather than NYC. With Dave's help, 
    debugged it to a bad entry in the geoip DB. Richard sent an update to the upstream DB, which was accepted.

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   osg-scitokens-mapfile 11
        -   Support HEPCloud factory
    -   XRootD 5.5.1
        -   Fixes critical issue with XRootD FUSE mounts via xrdfs
    -   CVMFS 2.10.0
        -   [Release Notes for CernVM-FS 2.10.0](https://cvmfs.readthedocs.io/en/2.10/cpt-releasenotes.html)
    -   GlideinWMS 3.9.6
        -   adds token (and hybrid) support for Clouds (AWS/GCE)
    -   XCache 3.3.0
        -   Removed X.509 proxy requirement for an unauthenticated stash-cache
      instance
    -   Vault 1.12.1
        -   includes a fix to prevent a potential denial of service attack
      for HA installations
    -   HTCondor 10.0.0
        -   Please consult the upgrade guide for major differences
        -   [Upgrading from an 9.0 LTS version to an 10.0 LTS version of HTCondor](https://htcondor.readthedocs.io/en/latest/version-history/upgrading-from-9-0-to-10-0-versions.html)
        -   In particular, consult the second section of things to be aware of when
      upgrading
-   Ready for Release
    -   Nothing yet

### Discussion

-   condor 10.0.0 / with upgrading from 9->10;
    -   with gotchas:
        -  mapfile pcre2 character classes
        -  trust domain used to be derived from condor host;
           if trust domain changes need to re-issue tokens.
           THIS MAY BREAK SITES.
           Sites may not want to re-issue tokens;
           may want to go back to trust domain based on condor host.
        -  Used to specify gpus with requirements section;
           now there's a request-gpu keyword:
          end  users will have to change how they're doing this.

