# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 23 August 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** 

## Announcements

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Brian
-   Next week: Carl
-   8 (+2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 187          | -7      | Open              |
| 38           | +6      | Selected for Dev  |
| 35           | +5      | In Progress       |
| 18           | +1      | Dev Complete      |
| 3            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-  Use COManage IDs in Topology wherever possible!
-  AI (Mat): build stash-origin chart (SOFTWARE-5258)
-  AI (BrianL): set up expiration notification template and workflow; contact COManage developers for assistance
    if needed
-  AI (Carl): complete custom workflows ticket; meet with BrianL and Mat to discuss use cases for workflows

### Discussion

-   The new EPEL release of Apptainer (the replacement for Singularity) requires user namespaces.
    This will need to be documented for admins.

-   The GlideinWMS developers planning a release candidate for this week.
    They recently worked with the HTCondor Team to debug an HTCondor-CE issue with dual stack IPv4/IPv6.
    BrianL will investigate  the CE default configuration to see what might have caused that.

-   Expecting a new HTCondor 9.0.16 release today, and a 9.11.0 release on Thursday.

### Support Update

-   FIU (Mat) working with FIU to resolve connection issues while attempting to mirror OSG Software repos.

-   FNAL (Carl) worked with Yuijun and Kevin Retzke on Gratia probe changes. 
    Software team work is done for now;
    at this point Yuijun and Kevin should discuss their requirements.

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   xrootd-monitoring-shoveler 1.1.2
    -   HTCondor 9.0.16 (important bug fixes)
    -   Upcoming: HTCondor 9.11.0 RC2

### Discussion

    - Release xrootd-monitoring-shoveler and HTCondor 9.0.16 this week.
