# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 20 December 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** 

## Announcements

-   BrianL out Dec 22 - Jan 2
-   Mat out Dec 23 - Dec 27
-   Carl out Dec 29

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   13 (+3) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 242          | -4      | Open              |
| 20           | +0      | Selected for Dev  |
| 21           | +1      | In Progress       |
| 18           | +0      | Dev Complete      |
| 4            | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -6      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   AI (Mat):
    -   Deploy OSPool environment changes from "main-canary" to "main" and "main-gpu"
    -   Deploy OSPool prepare-job-hook into "main-canary"
    -   Add extra debugging to XRootD
-   AI (Carl):
    -   EL9 support next items:
        -   EL9 VMU images (debug VMs with vnc).
        -   EL9 spreadsheet link is in SOFTWARE-5416;
            divide and conquer with Mat over the next few weeks.
        -   Note no HTCondor 10.0 or dependent pkgs for el9 release;
            need to wait for 10.2.0 in upcoming.
        -   A few pkgs will have version differences.
-   AI: add resource-based OSDF lookups to Topology and the xcache container
-   AI (BrianL): NVidia GPU osgvo-docker-pilot

### Discussion

- Topology contact registrations are now self-service in comanage.

-   Mat/Carl: next couple weeks:
    -   Take a look at plates; backlog of tasks that you'd like to do
        but haven't had time to do.
    -   Fine as long as we're making progress on el9 and ospool.
    -   If there's no ticket make one.
    -   BrianL may add some wishlist items.

### Support Update

-   University of Arkansas Little Rock (BrianL): help them register an ORCID account for use with the OS Registry
-   CMS SW (BrianB, BrianL, Mat, TimT): assist them with OSG 3.5 software dependency issue
-   Carl UConn CC\* gratia issue Richard T. Jones; resolved
-   There's an XRootD 5.5 issue; see https://osg-htc.org/docs/release/osg-36/#xrootd
    (will put in known issues for OSG release notes)


## OSG Release Team

6 RFT; and of those 2 are condor, which we'll ignore; the rest are el9.
Will do a release this Thursday, mainly for re-signed rebuilds for old gpgkey.
Untagged XRootD.

-   Ready for Testing
    -   osg-scitokens-mapfile 11
        -   Support HEPCloud factory
    -   XRootD 5.5.1
        -   Fixes critical issue with XRootD FUSE mounts via xrdfs
    -   CVMFS 2.10.0
        -   [Release Notes for CernVM-FS 2.10.0](https://cvmfs.readthedocs.io/en/2.10/cpt-releasenotes.html)
    -   GlideinWMS 3.9.6
        -   adds token (and hybrid) support for Clouds (AWS/GCE)
    -   XCache 3.3.0
        -   Removed X.509 proxy requirement for an unauthenticated stash-cache
      instance
    -   Vault 1.12.1
        -   includes a fix to prevent a potential denial of service attack
      for HA installations
    -   HTCondor 10.0.0
        -   Please consult the upgrade guide for major differences
        -   [Upgrading from an 9.0 LTS version to an 10.0 LTS version of HTCondor](https://htcondor.readthedocs.io/en/latest/version-history/upgrading-from-9-0-to-10-0-versions.html)
        -   In particular, consult the second section of things to be aware of when
      upgrading
-   Ready for Release
    -   Nothing yet

### Discussion

- BrianL recommends WFH if blizzard
- WILL NOT MEET NEXT WEEK - SEE YOU NEXT YEAR
