# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 30 August 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** 

## Announcements

Carl out Wednesdays

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   11 (+4) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 191          | +1      | Open              |
| 44           | +0      | Selected for Dev  |
| 26           | +2      | In Progress       |
| 12           | -2      | Dev Complete      |
| 2            | -3      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-  AI (Mat): OSDF origin chart
-  AI (Mat): check in with Fabio to see where PR for hawaii origin stands
-  AI (Carl): XRootD 5.5.0 release

### Discussion

None this week

### Support Update

-  USC (BrianL): helped solve issues with backfill containers; maybe need to make idle timeout clearer in container logs
-  Virgo (BrianL): helped Jason resolve issues with Virgo proxy generation due to upstream VOMS server cert update
-  User (Derek): Large file in Stash CVMFS.  There was a cap of ~26GB, now in creased to 500GB.  Successfully put in CVMFS.
-  MIT (Derek): Credential for lightweight issuer, hopefully can be resolved with a few more back and forths.
-  WTAMU (Derek): Difference between pilot and payload hours.  Caused by large slots, with long drain times.  1 or 2 long running jobs would keep the slot active and not let it retire.
-  Singularity CVMFS Sync (Derek, Huijun): Hub apparently doesn't support the same tags listing API that docker hub does.  We may not be able to expand * right now.

## OSG Release Team

-   TimT: new condor releases (9.11.1)

-   Ready for Testing
    -   gratia-probe
    -   stashcp

### Discussion

-   TimT: note prce2 more strict about character classes in regex (hyphen must go at the end `[abc-]`)
-   BrianL: need to find victims to update from stable series to 9.12
-   AI (TimT): reach out to John Thiltges about feasibility of updating to 10.0?
    (TimT: 9.12.0 in a couple weeks)
