# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 29 November 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** Carl, Marco, Mat, TimT

## Announcements

-   BrianL traveling Nov 28 - Dec 2

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: ?
-   9 (-1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 240          | +7      | Open              |
| 22           | -1      | Selected for Dev  |
| 15           | +0      | In Progress       |
| 16           | +0      | Dev Complete      |
| 6            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Kubernetes Hackathon:
    -   On Thursday, the default network for the Tiger Kubernetes cluster will change;
        people should review the services they are responsible for to make sure they will continue to function after the network change.
    -   AI (Mat): Create a variant of the pilot container that unpacks SIF files if they cannot be used directly.
    -   AI (Carl): Continue debugging COManage authentication failures on the Topology ITB instance.


-   AI (Mat): Continue to assist Mats and HTCondor devs in getting container universe working on the OSPool,
    along with other pilot fixes.

-   AI (Mat, Carl) Continue EL 9 groundwork.


### Discussion

GlideinWMS:
    Fix available for factory monitoring issue.
    The ITB frontends and factory have been updated;
    waiting for green light from Mats and Marco Mascheroni before making a release.

### Support Update

-   Mat (FNAL/CMS): Come up with a fix or workaround for gfal2 authentication failures when using the tarball client on EL8.

-   Mat (CalTech): Discuss errors with parsing output of CalTech's periodic scripts with HTCondor dev team.


## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   GlideinWMS 3.9.6
    -   CVMFS 2.10.0-1.1 (and osg-oasis 19)
    -   XRootD 5.5.1-1.4 (fixes FUSE mounts via xrdfs)
    -   Vault 1.12.1
-   Ready for Release
    -   Nothing yet

### Discussion

None this week
